[feat] Skip by default flexible tests when not enough nodes found (#3173)
reframe-hpc/reframe: docs/manpage.rst

      Slurm OR constraints and parenthesized expressions are supported in flexible node allocation.

   .. versionchanged:: 4.7

>       The test is not failed if not enough nodes are available, but it is skipped instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The test does not fail if not enough nodes are available, but it is skipped instead.
```

Author: In this case it is the framework that "fails the test" (marks it as a failure) and not the test that fails.

Author: I will change it to "the test is not marked as a failure [...]" to make it clearer.
